---
title: "Intro"
date: 2022-01-12 10:15:00
categories: [Blog]
tags: [Blog]
---

👋🏻 Hello, I am Nathan, a technical professional from the UK with an interest in **AI**, **Automation**, **System Administration** & **DevOps**. Welcome to my personal blog and knowledge repository. This blog is a space where I share my journey through the ever-changing landscape of technology. Documenting software recommendations, useful automations, interesting developments in AI, or deep dives into Linux commands, you'll find it all here.

The purpose of this blog is to build a personal knowledge repository by sharing guides, tutorials, and insights across various technical subjects which I explore. My goal is to create a practical repository of knowledge that not only helps me retain what I learn but also serves as a guide for anyone else who may find the information useful. This blog will contain recommendations, guides, tutorials, and technical notes based on real-world experiences.

I believe in learning by doing, and this blog is an extension of that belief. My posts will reflect the diverse experiences and topics I explore-sometimes breaking down complex concepts into actionable steps, other times sharing insights or interesting discoveries. By documenting both successes and challenges, I aim to present a balanced and genuine perspective on the learning process.

Whether you’re a fellow tech enthusiast, someone looking to pick up new skills, or just curious about the topics I’m exploring, I hope you’ll find something here that sparks your interest.
